# Finance-Homework-Case-Study
Fiserv 
Fiserv Disrupting Financial Services
Prof. Johnny Wales
Fintech Bootcamp
9/11/2020

Fiserv Inc, as it's called, gets its name the Fiserv Forum home to the Milwaukee bucks for 25 years. Fiserv was established in 1984 by founders Gearge Dalton and Leslie Muma through the merger of Sunshine State Systems, Inc of Tampa Florida and First Data Processing from Milwaukee Wisconsin. 
Fiserv now serves the Financial sector by providing account processing services, item processing and source capture services, loan origination and servicing products, cash management and consulting services, and other products and services.(https://www.reuters.com/companies/FISV.O) 
First Data gives Fiserv an expansive set of payments assets, enabling it to address the needs of the future fintech-enabled financial-services and Sunshine State Systems allows Fiserv to further its horizontal integration and corporate acquisition market.(https://www.digitaltransactions.net/magazine_articles/why-it-makes-sense-for-fiserv-to-buy-first-data/) Two years after its initial start, Fisevr went public for 70 million dollars on the NASDAQ under the ticker FISV as a financial services firm. By 2009, Fiserv had become a Fortune 500 company worth $4.7 billion with over 19,000 employees and ranking at 482.(https://www.fiserv.com/en/about-fiserv/our-history.html) 
Fiserv works as a global payments and Fintech company that serves banks and other financial institutions such as  thrifts, credit unions, securities broker dealers, leasing and finance companies, and retailers in more than 100 countries. Fiserv offers electronic bill payment and presentment services, Internet and mobile banking software and services, and other electronic payments software and services. Recently they’ve begun to expand on IT services for banking institutions. Currently Fiserv’s main advantage is their business know how and experience. Incorporated in 1984, Fiserv has had 35 years to acquire various companies and institutions that allow them to provide the best services to their customers. In 1995 Fiserv made its first acquisition of Information Technology, Inc., putting Fiserv on the forefront of client/server solutions for banking. Later in 2007, CheckFree Corporation became a part of Fiserv, bringing the electronic billing and payments innovator.(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiserv) 2008 Fiserv launched its first-of-its-kind mobile banking solution, offering triple-play banking access via text messaging, mobile browser and app.
2011 brought Fiserv M-Com and CashEdge, further strengthening its commitment to mobile banking and digital payments. Fiserv in 2012 and 2013 focused on expanding their Popmoney person to person payments through the acquisition of Open Solutions, adding DNA®, an innovative, real-time account processing platform option for financial institutions. Two years later Fiserv  introduced NOW® Network, laying the groundwork for a profoundly simple payment experience and creating differentiated value for financial institutions, billers and consumers. Fiserv since has been adding institutions to build its core processes being mobile payment processing as well as IT services.(https://www.fiserv.com/en/about-fiserv.html) Most recently in 2019 Fiserv was able to complete a transformative combination with First Data to create one of the world's leading payments and Fintech providers with the ability to deliver unique value to financial institutions, corporate clients, small businesses and consumers. Some of Fiserv's competitors include Diebold, Assurant, ACI Worldwide, Jack Henry & Associates and FIS, as these companies mainly operate within the same sector. Financially, Fiserv has been a very successful company since its IPO in 1986 for 70mil, 12 years later in 1998 Fiserv reached $1 billion in revenue(Fiserv, Inc. (n.d.). "About Fiserv". Fiserv.com. Retrieved March 23, 2016.) In 2015 Fiserv was named a S&P Fortune 500 company and later for 5 consecutive years Fiserv was awarded FORTUNE Magazine "World’s Most Admired Companies®" and recognized as No. 1 in its category for innovation. Currently amid a pandemic Fiserv continues to chart high relative to its competitors like Global Payments however has taken a hit like everyone else amid these tough times. 
